= jQuery Frontier Calendar Change Log =

Change log for plugin...

==Version 1.3: Coming Soon!==

<li> Bug fixes

<li> Tooltips on agenda items. Use any tooltip library you want. Whatever library you choose it should probably have destroy() tooltip or hide() tooltip methods. See documentation on <b>applyAgendaTooltip(divElm,agendaItem)</b> callback function.

==Version 1.2: June 17th, 2010==

<li>More Bug fixes

<li>
<b>CSS tweaks</b><br>
New CSS attribute for the current day.<br>
Arrows on agenda items that span weeks & months.

<li>
<b>Drag-and-drop agenda items!</b><br>
This required a modification to the jQuery Core library to enable drag-and-drop to work correctly in Internet Explorer.
If you don't care about IE than you can use an unmodified version of the jQuery Core library. Everything works fine in Chrome, Firefox, Opera, and Safari without the fix.
There is a readme file inlcuded with this plugin, [http://jquery-frontier-calendar.googlecode.com/files/README-IE-FIX.TXT], 
that explains what was modified. Only one line was changed so not that big of a deal....
	
<li>
<b>The jfcalplugin.addAgendaItem() method changed slightly.</b><br>
The new method signature is jfcalplugin.addAgendaItem(calId,title,startDate,endDate,allDay,data,displayProp).
The new parameter is the boolean value 'allDay' which did not exist in version 1.1. This is a flag that tells the calendar the agenda item is an all day event. If you want
the same exact functionality as version 1.1 then simply pass in 'false'. If you pass in 'true' then the start time will not be displayed on the agenda item.
	
<li>
All the getAgendaItem methods return an updated agenda object which inlcudes the allDay flag.

<code>
{
   agendaId: {{{[}}}integer{{{]}}},
   title: {{{[}}}string{{{]}}},
   startDate: {{{[}}}Date{{{]}}},
   endDate: {{{[}}}Date{{{]}}},
   allDay: {{{[}}}boolean{{{]}}},
   data: {
      key1: {{{[}}}value1{{{]}}},
      key2: {{{[}}}value2{{{]}}},
      etc...
   },
   displayProp: {
      backgroundColor: {{{[}}}string{{{]}}},
      foregroundColor: {{{[}}}string{{{]}}}
   }
}	
</code>	

<li>
<b>The constructor/initialize method changed slightly.</b><br>
There is a new boolean parameter called dragAndDropEnabled which allows you to turn off drag-and-drop. This is enabled by default.
<code>	
var jfcalplugin = $('selector').jFrontierCal(date,dayClickCallback,agendaClickCallback,agendaDropCallback,dragAndDropEnabled)
</code>


==Version: 1.1: June 14th==
<li>Bug fixes</li>
<li>CSS tweaks</li>
<li>Basic iCal VEVENT import support.</li>

*(Drag-and-drop coming soon!)*

==Version 1.0: June 9th==

<li>Initial release</li>